Thanks again for
seeing me so late.
I couldn't even open
my curtains in the day.
let alone go outside.
And my skin crawls. burns.
So not just
the eyes. Mr. Mayor.
No.
Ah. but now.
every time I turn on my
phone. try to watch TV...
my blood pressure.
It just goes through the roof.
The chest hurts.
You know. maybe our
Amish neighbors.
maybe they're onto
something. eh?
Well. Mr. Mayor.
I say we focus on the
light sensitivity.
and the other stuff
could be somatic.
If it's in my head. tell me.
how is it that in the
dark I see everything?
-E.
-A-Z-L-V-A-N.
I could read your whole chart.
Like there's a light.
coming from my eyes.
illuminating the darkness.
It's a beautiful thing. really.
Okay. take a look.
Alright. Hold still.
Whoa.
What? Talk to me. doc.
What do you see?
♪ Singin' fa diddle-a. diddle-a.
Fa diddle-a. diddle-a day ♪
♪ Now you see what
A woman can do ♪
♪ She can outdo the devil
And the old man too ♪
♪ Singin' fa diddle-a. diddle-a.
Fa diddle-a. diddle-a day ♪
And it's Mayor Joshua. closing
out another beautiful night
of peace and harmony
here in Ashland. Ohio.
Today's forecast.
clear skies. bright and sunny.
So please. stay safe and
take every precaution.
As always. a shout
out to our boys in brims
for all their service.
-On the house.
-Much obliged.
Let's take care of our ranchers.
the way they take care of us.
And as the night ends.
let us pray for our neighbors
who still walk in the
blinding sunlight.
That we may show
them the true light.
Ye are the light of the world.
A city set on
a hill cannot be hid.
God has a plan for all of us.
-For the greater good.
And remember folks.
before you doubt your faith.
-doubts your doubts.
-Doubt your doubts.
No. no I can't.
You know it has to go.
You know. You know that.
We're going to be safe now.
We're going to be safe.
So. good morning.
and sleep tight Ashland.
The world headquarters
of nice people.
Mayor Joshua. signing out.
I'll be back in five minutes.
better be ready for bed. buster.
Tommy. get up!
Tommy?
Tommy! Get inside!
-Up! Please!
-Tommy! Get up!
-Come on man!
-Tommy. get up!
Mom!
Shit! Shit!
Tommy!
Mom!
God!
No. please.
Mom!
Tommy!
No!
Good morning.
Yeah.
Greg? It's me.
Just checking on ya.
Greg?
You know.
I don't think that's healthy
fixating on the past like that.
You know. someday you'll. you'll
find somebody too. You'll...
Oh my God. Rose.
Shut the fuck up.
You're not my fucking therapist.
Oh. nice.
Rose. you are gonna love this.
Sorry kid.
Alright.
Okay.
So you are seeing inside
the chest cavity here.
Looks like there's
a higher concentration
of them here than
in the extremities.
Fuck!
Rose!
Oh. I hope you can see her.
Huh! You were right.
Constricted all
around the heart.
But it's too tight.
The heart's ruptured
in several places.
It's the reaction to the sun.
Hey!
You fucking animal.
leave him alone!
Shit!
That's my son!
Hey Kara.
Kara!
What?
You wanna see a 2.5 gigahertz
signal on the specimen?
It's Bluetooth. On the worms.
Okay. Message received.
Jess?
Where? Where?
It's bad.
Uh. neck. face.
uh. maybe more.
It's not my blood.
Close your eyes.
Sorry. hold still.
Let's just check you
for hitchhikers.
I saw it today. The
heartworm. You were right.
It feeds on the blood supply.
This one died in the sun.
but it was the heartworm
that killed him.
I got you some good samples.
I. I know you
wanted eye samples.
but this one was too far gone.
Jess. what'd you do?
I fucked up.
I slipped.
But I got you those
pastries you like.
I play it up.
They're pretty dry.
Oh. you are mad.
It's okay. right?
I need you still.
Brace yourself
against the table.
I. I'm gonna cut it out.
Oh. is that thing clean?
Now! Before it
gets any deeper.
Ah!
Oh. fuck fuck fuck.
Please just shut up! Shut up!
Five. Four. Three.
Ow. fuck!
You always go on three!
Stop moving! Stop! Stop!
Apply pressure.
You're welcome.
And welcome
back folks to another night
of peace and quiet.
Peace and quiet.
They go together like
two "peace" in a pod. right?
So please. folks. remember
to keep your firearms
safely locked away.
The gunfire and other loud
noises panic our guests.
Our bodies are our temples.
Not exactly a great place
for a demolition derby.
Remember. pull the trigger.
destroy your ticker.
Jeremiah warned. my heart.
My heart. I writhe in pain.
My heart pounds within me.
I cannot be still for I
have heard the noise of war.
How long are we gonna
live like raccoons?
I need to get some air.
Kara. come on.
It's almost dark.
And the night crawlers
are up to something.
We love you.
Yeah. I love you too.
I'll be back.
Isaiah
warned: In the night
the world is laid waste and
brought to silence.
On all their heads
shall be baldness
and everyone shall
howl weeping abundantly.
Desolation. grief.
and desperate sorrow.
Sounds pretty bad.
But Ashland. we greet the
night with a smile.
Doubt your doubts. Doubt
your doubts. Doubt your doubts.
Love you too.
Love you so much.
Bitches.
Raccoon trash panda
motherfuckers.
Can I see some ID?
I'm confused.
Are you guys cops?
Emergency deputization
by the mayor himself. ma'am.
There has been a
grievous transgression.
Bad business with the
body of a young boy
while everyone in town slept.
Well...
maybe not everyone.
And?
Well you match the description.
We should let the
witness clear this up.
won't take but a minute.
Hop in. She's a dream of a ride.
Don't you mean the backseat?
Backseat's for criminals.
You a criminal?
-No.
-Of course not.
And we ain't cops.
So tend to your gardens
and trust our ranchers
to protect our land.
Thanks to them.
the looters. the marauders.
the lawless bands
roaming the world
are kept outside our borders.
Jesus taught we
must be patient for the harvest
to separate the wheat
from the tares
Elroy?
Make yourself a cup of tea.
I just brewed a fresh pot.
...let us both grow
together until the harvest
What do you think. ma'am?
It's not her.
I told you.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
Similar age though.
Malnourished too.
She knows something.
I'm so sorry.
Where are my manners? Elroy?
Turn on that light behind you.
This poor girl.
She can't see a thing.
...shall the righteous
shine forth as the sun
in
the kingdom of God
Who hath ears
to hear. let him hear.
Why do you punish yourself
with this false. harsh light?
Folks need simple things.
Food.
Sleep.
Love.
They need things sometimes
they don't even know they need
till it hits you
right in the face.
We need God
in the true light he provides.
Ask yourself:
"Am I happy?"
Oh. go ahead. Take a bite.
Just a taste of
what you can have
if you cast away your shackles.
Thanks to Mayor Joshua.
when all the TVs and radio.
and the internets
all went silent.
his voice filled the darkness.
And he showed us that
this isn't a curse. No.
I don't wanna become like...
Yeah. I was
doubtful at first too.
But God
designed them
to literally bind
with our hearts.
You'll love them
like your own child.
What do you want from me?
Your friend defiled
my son's body.
I didn't say she was...
She tore him open.
crushed his skull.
And that cannot
stand. No it can't.
Will you hurt them?
We don't hurt.
we rehabilitate.
Anyone can change.
Make a leap of faith.
and I'll make sure
you get the one thing
you so clearly need.
What?
A home.
Where you don't have to hide.
Mm. I could really go for a
second Rumspringa right now.
We could go see your
family in Amish country.
It's been years.
And it's not far.
Yeah. You know what?
Maybe they finally decided one
day to embrace modern living.
And I show up
with my girlfriend.
Hey. do you guys use those
long tables out in the field.
and the whole town gathers
together and has dinner?
-We don't do that.
-Are you sure?
I've seen it in movies.
I demand long table
field dinners.
Mm.
I'll teach my little
sister AP Biology.
This would have been
her Rumspringa year.
Let's go. Right now.
Can I wait here while
you do your business?
Alice she's.
she's real nice to us.
She's trusting.
Almost too trusting.
So I'd be real upset if you
went and broke her
already fragile heart.
I need to see you commit.
Just do me last. Okay?
Kiddo. you're already free.
Easy peasy.
What?
Too late to turn back now.
You don't have to watch.
Mm.
If today had gone differently?
We don't need to talk about it.
I think we do need
to talk about it.
Nothing has changed.
so there's nothing
for us to talk about.
I just need to know that
you'd go through with it.
We refuse to let them take
our bodies. take our minds.
and we refuse to serve them.
-Sexy time?
-Mm. so sexy.
Oh. it's about time.
Also...
Can we just leave her in
the elevator till morning?
-Stop!
-Just a couple hours!
It stays pretty warm.
Alright.
I'm going. I'm going.
Jess?
Mm.
two more minutes.
Kara!
What are you doing?
Listen.
Just listen.
-Okay?
-Okay. Kara. I'm listening.
I really didn't
think this far ahead.
Maybe it's the worms.
Kara. are you infected?
Yes.
But it's fine!
And we can all laugh about
this over a beer after.
After what?!
Stop!
No!
She's gonna drown!
No! No! No! No!
Tell me what to do.
What do I do?
There's gotta be something.
That can't just be it.
That's it. Jess.
-No!
-Jess. that's it.
It isn't safe here anymore.
They're gonna come
back for this asshole.
No one's coming
back till tonight.
Besides. can't pass
up a live sample.
Finally got my eye sample.
What. Rose? No.
You don't need it.
Neither does he.
Sit on his legs.
The more we hurt him. the
harder they'll come for us.
I'll make it fast.
Was it all worth it?
Rose.
-Rose!
-Yeah?
-Come on.
-Okay. let's go.
Take it slow. Okay?
If it's too much.
we can go back.
Hey.
Found this in the trunk.
You okay?
Skin itches all over.
They never did fix
that door. did they?
It's not as bad as
I thought it'd be.
Yes. it is.
Your classroom or mine?
It's the best I could find.
And a one. and a two and...
♪ In Ashland's heart
Where dreams take flight ♪
♪ Edison school
Our guiding light ♪
♪ Teach and friends ♪
♪ Rise and shine ♪
♪ At Edison school ♪
♪ our stars align ♪
Hey.
Thanks for the present.
-Hey.
-Can't sleep?
You smell.
Oh yeah. I definitely
need a shower.
No.
you smell bad to me now.
Oh.
-Like what?
-Rotting meat.
Faint at first. but I woke
up and it's gotten stronger.
It's repulsive.
That's okay.
We can find something...
Rosie.
I can feel them.
Jumping around in there.
Digging in deeper.
Go to them in town.
They'll take you in.
I'll leave.
You should leave.
Go to the Amish
and find Susanna
and show them that.
Don't tell them about us. okay?
I don't want you to be alone.
Stop.
We promised!
You promised! It is
better this way than that!
Stop!
I'm just gonna go. Okay?
You stay here.
Rosie. please.
Five. Four. Three!
Rose!
Oh!
Sorry.
Oh. it's okay.
I should thank you.
I'm sleeping again.
When there's love at home.
My ribs.
Something's wrong.
Like really wrong.
Nothing stays wrong for long.
Our bodies are beautiful
gardens. They adapt.
You tricked me.
You infected me.
My mind.
I never would've done
any of that to my friends.
My dear.
Your brain worms were yet to
hatch. That was all you.
But by now.
you should be feeling
the mothering instinct.
The need to protect them.
Cultivate the garden.
It can be overwhelming.
It's...
Don't fight it.
That's a straight ticket
to toxic brain chemistry.
A death spiral.
That's why the world
went down the toilet.
While the mind is fragile.
you must find inner peace.
Which is why tonight
we have the ceremony.
How can a ranchers
raid bring inner peace?
Always the last resort.
Hm. We work so hard to win
over hearts and minds.
knocking on doors instead
of breaking 'em down.
Anyone can change.
Except the Amish.
They'll never change.
We leave them alone.
How do you think I
source all my produce?
Mayor Joshua sets
lines we don't cross.
Fuck you! Fuck you!
Fuck you!
Hi.
Greetings. Excellent friend.
Is this the Yoder farm?
Ah. yeah.
I'm Susanna Yoder. esquire.
Jess. And it's nice
to meet you. Susanna.
We don't get many
of your kind here.
This is a most unusual day.
Are your parents. um. around?
Moses and...?
They died.
I'm so sorry.
Farming equipment.
Tools. Horse shoes.
We have it. or we
can make it here.
Buggy accident.
Big English truck.
Too much alcohol.
My brother Hans
runs the shop now.
It's like military school.
Where did you get this?
I'm so sorry.
What was she to you?
Hmm?
We were friends.
What. what happened to Rose?
She died to us long ago.
You were very much alive to her.
She always felt safest here.
and she made me promise to
come to the Yoder family
and ask for help
because I need a safe place.
I can work and I can cook.
We are Amish.
You are English.
You must leave.
Susanna. go.
Come with me. Miss Jess.
I'm sorry. It was a
mistake to come here.
Um. my car is this way.
Oh. you're staying.
dude. In the barn.
Oh no. He really
doesn't want me to...
No. please stay tonight.
You're not what I expected
from her stories.
Like. at all.
She told you about me?
Of course.
Most excellent.
All you have to
do is stand here.
close your eyes.
and find inner peace.
Oh. and it's just mud.
It's not blood or
anything weird.
Holy vermis.
I anoint this vessel of flesh
as a living garden onto thee.
So that you may run
and not crawl.
to bathe in the blood of life.
and to be fruitful and multiply.
To cultivate virtuous thoughts.
to sense and discern.
and receive the true light.
Amen.
I can see!
Oh. it's been a long time
since anyone got their sight
during the anointing.
The entire town will
be lifted by this news.
Hey. smile.
Peaches?
Are you serious?
I haven't seen peaches since...
Oh. I miss peaches.
Thank you.
So.
how does an Amish girl
sound like Bill and Ted?
Dude! You know Bill and Ted!
Oh. story time.
Okay.
When I was seven. Rose
was on her Rumspringa.
And one night
I hear this knocking
on the window.
I opens the curtains. I
almost scream.
And Rose is wearing
this. this leather jacket
with the metal
pointy bits on it.
Do tell!
I. I am telling you.
-Oh. no. it's a figure of...
-Oh. okay.
It's okay. Continue.
Oh. she had. also hair
very much like yours.
Except it was. um. with the
hair still in the middle.
Rosie had a mohawk?
Yes.
And she snuck me out.
And we went to
the movie theater.
It was...
most bodacious.
It was two movies in a row.
The Excellent Adventure
and the Bogus Journey.
-And it was...
-A core memory.
And then next week. she shows up
and she has found these. um. uh.
the DD's!
It's like. um. it's
like. oh what is it?
It's the metal circle with the.
the movies inside of it.
-Oh. DVDs?
-Yes! DVDs. yes.
And she went to a.
a friend's house
and we watched them there.
Oh. never as good
the second time.
Oh no. it was.
It was better every time.
Yes. every week she
would come and get me.
It was probably like a
hundred times or something.
She never showed
you any other movies?
She didn't want
to disappoint me.
That sounds like her.
After that. Rose
didn't come back.
So on my Rumspringa.
I was gonna go find her.
And we would drive in a car
to the biggest
movie theater ever.
But I'm 16 already.
And Rose is dead.
And there's no Rumspringa.
I'm just like.
so stuck.
Who was she to you?
We were coworkers. teachers.
I was English. She was science.
Whoa.
She was a scientist?
But who was she to you?
We were friends.
Like Bill and Ted.
Best friends.
I was
hoping it wasn't this.
This?
What's this?
The first larvae
to reach the heart
grows bigger than the rest.
It's one body. one
queen. and uh.
and her brood feeds
the rest of the body.
But um.
sometimes
a second larva
mistakes its purpose
and grows too big.
And then you got two
different queendoms
competing in one body.
And then what happens?
It's okay!
There's a procedure.
I'll um. I'll get you packed up.
Now?
Does it hurt them?
It's humane.
Will it hurt me?
Well. I uh. I won't lie to you.
It's not perfect.
but it works.
Can you be there with me?
Oh. darling.
I wish I could.
How did Rose die?
She died protecting me.
I want to be a scientist too.
When I go on my Rumspringa.
-I'm going to...
-No. Susanna.
There's no Rumspringa.
There's no safe place.
There's no science
left. There's just them.
And all they want is
for you to be like them.
And once you're like them.
there's no going back.
You sound just like my brother.
You're safe here.
You're healthy.
You have a future.
We use part
of the sunlight spectrum
to help agitate.
Here let's get you settled.
A little cold.
This is actually kind of nice.
-What are you...?
-For everyone's safety.
All set.
Hell of a knot there.
Gonna have a natural tear there.
Can you tell me what's going on?
Not really.
Set to one.
-One.
-Pulse?
We're at one.
Are you feeling it?
Yeah. It's okay.
Like a warm fuzz.
Waiting on agitation.
Wait. wait. Stop!
We can't stop now.
It burns all over. Stop!
-Agitation. Jump to three.
-Gotcha.
Three!
Take me up a click
every 30 seconds to five.
Anything from mama?
Primary is calm.
pulse is high but steady.
Keep shaking the tree.
Five.
Cut it.
Can Alice please come in here?
Is it over?
Well. she's agitated. but...
Stuck real good in there.
Fucking get it over with!
Get her done.
Go to six. Double speed.
Two-six-two.
Pulling.
Power eight.
Two-eight-two.
A hand?
She's wrapped around
the bone.
Don't let her go.
Keep a hold of it.
I got the tail.
We need a local.
Chase 'er.
Tap.
Movement!
Cut it!
Go bring that girl in here
so she can have a
proper breakfast
that doesn't taste
like pocket lint.
No.
Dude!
Not cool!
I won't have a Rumspringa.
So Jess is my Rumspringa.
That's not how it works.
How can I be baptized without
understanding my choice?
You got a choice. Mam
and dad got a choice.
Rose got a choice.
It's my turn. Hans.
It's our tradition.
The elders may forbid it.
but I will not.
You will still work in the shop.
Yes. of course. of
course. of course!
-And she will learn as well.
-Yes. And I'll teach her!
I'll teach her the
sickle and. and to bake.
I'll pull my
weight. I promise.
It is
with a heavy heart to report
the tragic murder
of Elroy Martin.
the beloved rancher.
at the hands
of an unenlightened neighbor.
This will not go unpunished.
We are actively considering
candidates for a new rancher.
And so the rest of us
can focus on making
Ashland great.
Back to the music!
Hello my dear.
Why don't you have a seat?
Uh huh.
I said have a seat.
Alice speaks very highly of you.
Said you'd make a great
replacement for our dear Elroy.
Why do you want to be a rancher?
Ranchers are the
keepers of the true light.
Well. I guess I can't blame
you for listening to my show.
Can I?
Ranchers are storytellers.
players on a stage.
What story would that be?
That this is all there is.
Out there there's
nothing but danger
and desolation and death.
But here in Ashland.
we have the light.
Again. why do you
want to be a rancher?
We turn abominations
into vessels.
Yada. yada. yada!
You know. I've. I've lost
count of how many people
have told me
if I didn't have light.
I'd kill myself.
It's been bad for a while?
Sometimes the truth
is worse than any lie.
What are you saying?
Out there.
they don't take care
of the heart worms.
No. They. they leave
their curtains open.
They use their Bluetooth.
they shoot their
loud fucking guns
and the. and the
heart worms panic.
And then the people die.
Every day more and more of us
die needlessly in the
street like Alice's boy.
Why do you
want
to be
a Rancher?
To uphold the law!
You know how a. a fever.
can kill you?
A fever isn't the disease.
it's just the body's
reaction to the disease.
But it doesn't
know when to stop.
You end up killing yourself
trying to save yourself.
Everybody's gonna
end up like this.
And then
like poor Tommy.
Your little lightning
round with that quack
is just a band aid
on the inevitable.
We. we are food.
Eventually there's going
to be more of them in you.
than you.
And the tale of the light.
it's just the salve
to push through the suffering.
So why. why do you
want to be a rancher?
I want my suffering
to count for something
and...
Oh. you're almost
there. baby girl.
Just take that last
step into true power.
And if I'm going to suffer.
everyone else should too.
Oh. well now we're
getting somewhere. Rancher.
Go forth and multiply.
Most triumphant.
Okay.
Here we go. You ready?
-Ready?
-Yeah.
Okay. Okay. Here we go.
There we go.
We are driving!
-Okay!
-What do you think?
Okay. That's a little fast.
Woo!
I felt it in my tummy.
Ohh. righteous.
So when you take your
foot off the brake.
it's gonna move.
Slowly. gently. lightly.
-We are going.
-Yep. We are going.
Gently.
Good job.
That's great!
It's a little scary.
Oh my gosh. you're so
brave and you're doing so good.
Okay. you can go
a little faster.
I'm driving!
Y'all the volunteers?
That's us.
I can help you bring her in.
Anything you need.
Whoa there.
eager beaver.
All I need is a couple
witnesses to ID the perp.
Not a rancher.
Yet.
Only ranchers are
to travel in Amish country
This is brilliant.
Why doesn't everyone
wear these all the time?
These are for official business.
If only there were
more to go around.
I don't know about this.
What do we
say about our doubts?
Here we go.
Help me
get her back inside.
Gonna
be fine. Just wait.
Let's just
do it another day.
No. today's the day.
No danger.
See?
Another leap of faith.
We'll turn her
when we find her. right?
I'm so ready for
this to be over.
Not one
person in this town
wants to see a killer
on the loose.
If she'd kill her own
homosexual lifestyle companion.
she'll kill anyone.
Rose is dead?
That Jess
woman is demented.
No. she wouldn't.
That's not true.
Kara my dear.
our words are our power.
When we say the right
combination of words.
in the right order to the
right person.
doors open to us.
We get permission.
resources. help.
All to do more good.
You understand
what I'm saying?
But if doors don't open.
we just kick 'em in. right?
We've been
knocking for a long time.
I bet you could see
Cleveland on a clear day.
I've never been.
I bet it's an
absolute hellscape.
To be fair. it always was.
The mistake on the lake.
Let's go!
Find out for ourselves.
Nobody ever gets half
that far and comes back.
If it was good. somebody
would come back. right?
Probably more worm people.
or something even worse.
What could be worse
than worm people?
Desperate normal people.
I'll give it to
the night crawlers.
At least they're
civilized to each other.
They share food. shelter.
encourage each other
on the radio?
Onions too are on the list.
-What?
-What's going on?
...All that they will need.
To have a good harvest.
one must plant good seeds.
...And
look at today's weather.
we'll be back in...
What is that?
It's baseball.
The radio towers in Ashland
broadcast on all frequencies.
The only thing you ever hear
is Mayor Joshua
spewing propaganda.
People in the cities
are outside right now
playing baseball in the sun!
They made it sound like it
was fucking Mad Max out there.
Fuck!
Rosie and I were so close!
Jess.
Let's go.
Real Rumspringa.
You have to tell your brother.
Tell. Not ask.
Why haven't we seen anybody?
What about the cars?
No airplanes?
Maybe they're running
experiments on us?
Most likely they just
don't give a shit about us.
If the people in the town
knew their leader was lying.
then he wouldn't have any power.
You got a lot to learn
about American politics.
Plus. there's no way to deworm.
Once it's in your heart.
you die without it.
But the people can still change.
No. people were fucking
assholes before the worms.
They're not gonna suddenly
become saints because what?
Disney World is still a thing?
But they should get the chance
to choose for themselves. dude.
Shit.
That's
definitely one of ours.
That her?
I think so.
Yeah. definitely.
This ain't your job.
Stay here. Engine on.
Keep it chill.
I'm going with you.
No. you're not.
Who is that?
I don't know.
Bad news.
-Let's run.
-No.
if we run. they'll chase us.
No!
-But it's self-defense.
-Amish are pacifists.
It's Rumspringa!
Put them on the floor.
Can I help you?
Turn off
the car. please.
Where'd you
get the ride?
And who's your
Amish friend?
Is there a problem?
I don't see a badge.
I'm not a rancher.
I'm a grieving mother.
Oh fuck.
Ow!
Shit.
Go help her!
We are the
witnesses here.
not the corpses.
You fucking bitch!
Kara?
Get the blood off. Stretch
your arms out in the sun.
Fuck.
You have blood. You
have blood on you too!
Let's go. Let's go. let's go.
No. Put the blankets
in the back seat.
-What? Leave her!
-No!
Just. just turn it up please.
We're
building a garden of Eden.
So eventually...
Let's do our checks.
Straight to the bathroom.
Son of man
shall send forth his angels
and they shall gather
out of his kingdom all things
that offend...
Forgive me. father.
for I have sinned.
There shall be
wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Then shall the
righteous shine forth
as the sun in the kingdom
of their father.
Who hath ears to hear.
let him hear.
You're here.
Let me guess. You smelled me coming.
You smell like shit-rolled hogs.
How's the girl?
She's good. I think.
Can I do anything?
Just stay.
I am sorry.
about your son.
He was already gone.
I was clinging to something
that I. I can never get back.
But I lost my sight.
so I could finally hear.
I'm sorry about your um.
I don't know what to call her.
Rose.
Her name was Rose.
The radio station
is out on Route 20.
Pull the plug.
It won't change anything.
It did for me.
Take a leap of faith.
Whoa.
Let's rock.
Rosie would've killed me
if I put you in danger.
Rose broke all the rules.
and she would never
let you go alone.
We are family.
Aren't we?
The dudette
told me what happened.
She ran.
You wouldn't have run?
No.
You think you'd
be a better rancher. right?
I would.
Okay. rookie.
Let's go.
Catch up.
Shit.
What the fuck?
What the fuck
is she doing?
Get in there!
You're fucking dumb!
Stop! God!
Enough!
What. get in there!
What the fuck are you doing?
Get off of him. you bitch!
What the fuck is
wrong with you people?
Let me go.
Let me the fuck go!
-Let me go. you bitch!
-Calm down.
What the fuck?
What the was she doing to him?
Mayor Joshua isn't
gonna be happy about this.
That's gonna be his problem.
Maybe it is.
We must live
in harmony with our neighbors.
We have kept
the false lights on for them
until they come
to the true light.
Our bodies live in
harmony with our garden.
taking and giving. Perfect.
Unfortunately.
the rumors are true.
A newly enlisted rancher
resorted to violence
during a visit to the
house of an unenlightened.
Rest assured.
this will not go unpunished.
Harmony and balance is
the lesson tonight.
You've been busy.
Changed your mind?
Alice would be ashamed of you.
How do you think she'd
feel about you after today?
Careful girl.
Mind your manners.
Don't make my rancher angry.
Hey. Dudette?
Yeah?
You mind if I...
spitball some town ideas
with our dear old mayor here?
I'm gonna go tinkle a bit.
Your rancher?
Ideas?
Oh. I'm all ears.
One body.
one queen.
♪ Red rocking chair ♪
♪ I got no honey baby now ♪
Citizens of Ashland.
This is Kara.
I'll be filling in for
Mayor Joshua today.
Who is that?
I'm happy to
report the beginning of
a new era under the light.
She killed Rosie.
Unifying
neighbors with neighbors.
We have begun taking our
message to the Amish folk.
and we look forward to
welcoming them into our family.
Anyone can change.
What does she mean by that?
They'll never stop.
I count two guards.
Think that's it.
Medieval dick weeds.
Susanna!
Teenagers!
Get her!
Ah!
The
automated coastal weather
observations issued at two
PM at point conception...
Listen! Just listen!
Listen?
If you had gotten your
head out of your own ass.
then Rose and Alice
would still be alive.
Listen to the fucking radio!
It's kind of poetic.
You finally got to
meet the mayor.
Major credit cards accepted.
But it's been changing.
Hasn't it just changed?
They say it's in
trouble internationally.
Well. I don't feel that as much
as I feel it's in
bad trouble here.
Right here at home.
I mean. I feel as if something
else is gone with it.
Something really important.
It used to belong
to us. to America.
Do you know what I mean?
Okay. Okay. Jess.
get in the back.
Get in the back
away from the sun.
Jess!
Jess. Jess. look at me.
You need to get in the back.
Get into the back
of the car. please.
Come on. Jess!
You need to hide
in the back. Okay?
Okay. You need to hide in
the back of the car. Okay?
Just get in the back.
Hide in the car.
No more hiding.
Jess. there could be
a cure in Cleveland.
Please. You need to get
to the back of the car.
Please. Please Jess. Jess.
No. no. no. no!
Don't do this!
No. no. no!